# [2441\. Largest Positive Integer That Exists With Its Negative](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-positive-integer-that-exists-with-its-negative/)

## Description

Difficulty: **Easy**  

Related Topics: [Array](https://leetcode.com/tag/array/), [Hash Table](https://leetcode.com/tag/hash-table/)


Given an integer array `nums` that **does not contain** any zeros, find **the largest positive** integer `k` such that `-k` also exists in the array.

Return _the positive integer_ `k`. If there is no such integer, return `-1`.

**Example 1:**

```
Input: nums = [-1,2,-3,3]
Output: 3
Explanation: 3 is the only valid k we can find in the array.
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: nums = [-1,10,6,7,-7,1]
Output: 7
Explanation: Both 1 and 7 have their corresponding negative values in the array. 7 has a larger value.
```

**Example 3:**

```
Input: nums = [-10,8,6,7,-2,-3]
Output: -1
Explanation: There is no a single valid k, we return -1.
```

**Constraints:**

*   `1 <= nums.length <= 1000`
*   `-1000 <= nums[i] <= 1000`
*   `nums[i] != 0`


## Solution

Language: **Java**

```java
class Solution {
    public int findMaxK(int[] nums) {
        HashSet<Integer> set = new HashSet<>();
        
        for(int num:nums){set.add(num);}
        
        int ans =-1;
        for(int num:nums){
            if(num >0 && set.contains(-num)){
                ans = Math.max(ans,num);
            }
        }
        return ans;
    }
}
just add to set.
and check positive integer. bcz quesiton needed only positive.
so no need negative.
and also no need hashmap bcz no need frequency. here only needed presence of the integer.
so if num>0 and our set contains that positive value (negative varient ) like positive 2 and set contains (-2) also then add to the ans. but add as a max. bcz qeustion wanted max element.
```


```java
// using 2 sum varient array.sort method and two pointer.

class Solution {
    public int findMaxK(int[] nums) {
       Arrays.sort(nums);
        int s =0;
        int e = nums.length-1;
        while(s<e){
            if(nums[s]+nums[e]==0) return nums[e];
            else if(nums[s]+nums[e]<0) s++;
            else e--;
        }
        return -1;
    }
    /*
    sort it. and then check it bcz after sorting.
    negative on left side smaller value and greater positive on right side.
    and then do sum left and right and check sum ==0; means they are equal and return it right because
    question needed positive and greater.
    and if not 0. then check sum greater  or smaller.
    if sum smaller then go right side greater value side.
    if sum greater then go left side smaller value side.
    in the end if not found anything then return -1; means all negative or all positive. all distict.
    */
}

```